.TH UEFI-MANAGER 1 "2025-01-02" "25.09.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
uefi-manager \- tool for managing UEFI boot entries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uefi-manager
.RI [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uefi-manager
is a graphical user interface tool for managing UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface) boot entries. It allows users to view, add, modify, and delete UEFI boot entries using the efibootmgr utility. Additionally, it provides EFI stub installation capabilities to create direct UEFI boot entries for kernels and initramfs images, bypassing traditional bootloaders like GRUB.
.PP
The tool requires UEFI firmware support and will exit if the system does not appear to be booted in UEFI mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -f, --frugal
Perform EFI Stub installation for frugal installation (only for MX/antiX frugal installations).
.TP
.B -t, --test
Run in test mode, bypassing UEFI detection for GUI testing purposes.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Display help information and exit.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Display version information and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B uefi-manager
Launch the UEFI Manager graphical interface to manage boot entries.
.TP
.B uefi-manager --frugal
Launch with frugal installation mode enabled.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The tool sets appropriate Qt platform plugins and environment variables for proper GUI operation, including support for X11 and Wayland environments.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /sys/firmware/efi/efivars
Directory checked for UEFI firmware presence.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR efibootmgr (8)
.SH AUTHOR
MX Linux Developers, Adrian <adrian@mxlinux.org>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/MX-Linux/uefi-manager/issues
.SH LICENSE
GNU General Public License version 3 or later.
